[Music]
hi guys what is up welcome back to come
back to and in the video I rate you are
doing really really good so today I'm
back with another challenge this time
we've got a special guest Mason this
stuff there's Cooper challenge so
actually looking forward to it but
anything units going to take this final
film because we keep laughing and
getting distracted
this hob keeps turning on by itself it
will be taken in turns to wear blindfold
and the blindfolded person has to guess
whether its branded
or unprompted and whoever wins the most
points and get the correct answer gets
to choose what one of us does for an
entire day and after say yes to another
[Music]
yeah Brandon hey that's one one mil I
dream is that you got the ring right oh
say can you see I can't see
let me try them the second one was real
quick first one the favor okay I'm sorry
it's like difference is crazy that
tastes like absolute crap that Tesco's
would I don't handle it very much oh
[Music]
yeah what is your thoughts on the cosmic
with Pinocchio a situation that's that
first one what was that me yeah that was
really someone was milky way rather
incorrect no way honestly
Wow yeah this one's too smooth us on
thinking of a sector McConnell school -
this one's sweet oh come on
[Music]
was all right this time spaghetti
Oh
[Music]
we just made the coffees so this is the
Nespresso refractory it's like the exact
same play the copper when I put the tax
code in it like it break from the
machine but the tester ones are quite a
bit cheaper this one is really smooth
[Music]
Hinds got a tang to it
Oh easy boy
do you want the first second first one
quick second
Wow yeah I'm branded were branded
correct battery that definitely confuse
you second the cheap one Oh
[Music]
Cadbury's secondly just that tastes like
a banana
[Music]
that's one
season watch nice beautiful tell em done
I'm surprised I'm a Greek you would
obviously love that you talk thank you
so much for watching this video I really
hope you enjoyed it that's not what are
the challenges you would like to see
don't forget to hit this video with a
big thumbs up and also head over to
Mason's channel to to travelin in a few
weeks we're going to do some cool
challenges all around Asia and yeah I
really enjoyed it so we'll see you guys
in the next video